{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat11\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat13\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat26\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat34\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat40\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat44\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh13620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 11. Hospital_Data.csv
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\fs30 \cf0 The Hospital_Data.csv table contains thirteen (13) fields. This table provides general Hospital information in response to a Hospital Compare search.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 1. Provider Number: varchar (6) Lists the hospitals by their provider identification number. 2. Hospital Name: varchar (50) Lists the name of the hospital.\uc0\u8232 3. Address 1: varchar (50) Lists the first line of the street address of the hospital.\u8232 4. Address 2: varchar (50) Lists the second line of the street address of the hospital.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 5. Address 3: varchar (50) Lists the third line of the street address of the hospital. 6. City: varchar (28) Lists the city in which the hospital is located.\uc0\u8232 7. State: varchar (2) Lists the 2 letter State code in which the hospital is located. 8. ZIP Code: char (5) Lists the 5 digit numeric ZIP for the hospital.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 9. County Name: char (15) Lists the county in which the hospital is located.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 10. Phone Number: char (10) Lists the 10-digit numeric telephone number, including area code, for the Hospital.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 Page Last Updated: July 19, 2012
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	11.	}Hospital Type: char (25) Lists the type of hospital. The values are: a. Acute Care Hospital \uc0\u8232 b. Acute Care \'96 VA Medical Center c. Critical Access Hospital\u8232 d. Children\'92s Hospital \
{\listtext	12.	}Hospital Owner: varchar (44) Lists the type of ownership the Hospital falls under. The values are: \uc0\u8232 a. Government \'96 Federal\u8232 b. Government \'96 Hospital District or Authority c. Government \'96 Local\u8232 d. Government \'96 State\u8232 e. Proprietary\u8232 f. Voluntary non-profit \'96 Church\u8232 g. Voluntary non-profit \'96 Other\u8232 h. Voluntary non-profit \'96 Private\u8232 i. Not Available \
{\listtext	13.	}Emergency Services: char (3) Returns \'93Yes\'94 or \'93No\'94 to specify whether or not the hospital provides emergency services. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa293
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 19. Outcome of Care Measures.csv
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 The Outcome of Care Measures.csv table contains forty seven (47) fields. This table provides each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted 30-Day Death (mortality) and 30-Day Readmission category and rate.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Provider Number: varchar (6) Lists the hospitals by their provider identification number. \
{\listtext	2.	}Hospital Name: varchar (50) Lists the name of the hospital. \
{\listtext	3.	}Address 1: varchar (50) Lists the first line of the street address of the hospital. \
{\listtext	4.	}Address 2: varchar (50) Lists the second line of the street address of the hospital. \
{\listtext	5.	}Address 3: varchar (50) Lists the third line of the street address of the hospital. \
{\listtext	6.	}City: varchar (28) Lists the city in which the hospital is located. \
{\listtext	7.	}State: varchar (2) Lists the 2 letter State code in which the hospital is located. \
{\listtext	8.	}ZIP Code: char (5) Lists the 5 digit numeric ZIP for the hospital. \
{\listtext	9.	}County Name: char (15) Lists the county in which the hospital is located. \
{\listtext	10.	}Phone Number: char (10) Lists the 10-digit numeric telephone number, including area code, for the Hospital. \
{\listtext	11.	}Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Attack: Lists the risk adjusted rate (percentage) for each hospital. \
{\listtext	12.	}Comparison to U.S. Rate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 Page Last Updated: July 19, 2012
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 Attack: varchar (50) Lists the mortality and readmission category in which the hospital falls. The values are:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 \'95 Better than U.S. National Average\uc0\u8232 \'95 No Different than U.S. National Average \'95 Worse than U.S. National Average\u8232 \'95 Number of Cases too Small*
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	13.	}Lower Mortality Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Attack: Lists the lower bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate. \
{\listtext	14.	}Upper Mortality Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Attack: Lists the upper bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate. \
{\listtext	15.	}Number of Patients - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Attack: varchar (5) Lists the number of Medicare patients treated for Heart Attack by the Hospital. \
{\listtext	16.	}Footnote - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Attack: Lists the footnote value when appropriate, as related to the Heart Attack Outcome of Care at the hospital. \
{\listtext	17.	}Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Failure: Lists the risk adjusted rate (percentage) for each hospital. \
{\listtext	18.	}Comparison to U.S. Rate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Failure: varchar (50) Lists the mortality and readmission category in which the hospital falls. The values are:\uc0\u8232 a. Better than U.S. National Average \u8232 b. No Different than U.S. National Average c. Worse than U.S. National Average\u8232 d. Number of Cases too Small* \
{\listtext	19.	}Lower Mortality Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Failure: Lists the lower bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate. \
{\listtext	20.	}Upper Mortality Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Failure: Lists the upper bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate. \
{\listtext	21.	}Number of Patients - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Failure: varchar (5) Lists the number of Medicare patients treated for Heart Failure by the Hospital. \
{\listtext	22.	}Footnote - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Heart Failure: Lists the footnote value when appropriate, as related to the Heart Failure Outcome of Care at the hospital. \
{\listtext	23.	}Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Pneumonia: Lists the risk adjusted rate (percentage) for each hospital. \
{\listtext	24.	}Comparison to U.S. Rate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Pneumonia: varchar (50) Lists the mortality and readmission category in which the hospital falls. The values are:\uc0\u8232 \'95 Better than U.S. National Average \u8232 \'95 No Different than U.S. National Average \'95 Worse than U.S. National Average\u8232 \'95 Number of Cases too Small* \
{\listtext	25.	}Lower Mortality Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Pneumonia: Lists the lower bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 Page Last Updated: July 19, 2012
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	26.	}Upper Mortality Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Pneumonia: Lists the upper bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate. \
{\listtext	27.	}Number of Patients - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Pneumonia: varchar (5) Lists the number of Medicare patients treated for Pneumonia by the Hospital. \
{\listtext	28.	}Footnote - Hospital 30-Day Death (Mortality) Rates from Pneumonia: Lists the footnote value when appropriate, as related to the Pneumonia Outcome of Care at the hospital. \
{\listtext	29.	}Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Attack: Lists the risk adjusted rate (percentage) for each hospital. \
{\listtext	30.	}Comparison to U.S. Rate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Attack: varchar (50) Lists the mortality and readmission category in which the hospital falls. The values are:\uc0\u8232 \'95 Better than U.S. National Average \u8232 \'95 No Different than U.S. National Average \'95 Worse than U.S. National Average\u8232 \'95 Number of Cases too Small* \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 32.Lower Readmission Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Attack: Lists the lower bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 33.Upper Readmission Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Attack: Lists the upper bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	34.	}Number of Patients - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Attack: varchar (5) Lists the number of Medicare patients treated for Heart Attack. \
{\listtext	35.	}Footnote - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Attack: Lists the footnote value when appropriate, as related to the Heart Attack Outcome of Care at the hospital. \
{\listtext	36.	}Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Failure: Lists the risk adjusted rate (percentage) for each hospital. \
{\listtext	37.	}Comparison to U.S. Rate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Failure: varchar (50) Lists the mortality and readmission category in which the hospital falls. The values are: \uc0\u8232 \'95 Better than U.S. National Average\u8232 \'95 No Different than U.S. National Average \'95 Worse than U.S. National Average\u8232 \'95 Number of Cases too Small* \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 38.Lower Readmission Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Failure: Lists the lower bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 39.Upper Readmission Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Failure: Lists the upper bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	40.	}Number of Patients - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Failure: varchar (5) Lists the number of Medicare patients treated for Heart Failure. \
{\listtext	41.	}Footnote - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Heart Failure: Lists the footnote value when appropriate, as related to the Heart Failure Outcome of Care at the hospital. \
{\listtext	42.	}Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Pneumonia: Lists the risk adjusted rate (percentage) for each hospital. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 43.Comparison to U.S. Rate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Pneumonia: varchar (50) Lists the mortality and readmission category in which the hospital falls. The values are:
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 Page Last Updated: July 19, 2012
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 \'95 Better than U.S. National Average\uc0\u8232 \'95 No Different than U.S. National Average \'95 Worse than U.S. National Average\u8232 \'95 Number of Cases too Small*
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa293
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	44.	}Lower Readmission Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Pneumonia: Lists the lower bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate. \
{\listtext	45.	}Upper Readmission Estimate - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Pneumonia: Lists the upper bound (Interval Estimate) for each hospital\'92s risk-adjusted rate. \
{\listtext	46.	}Number of Patients - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Pneumonia: varchar (5) Lists the number of Medicare patients treated for Pneumonia. \
{\listtext	47.	}Footnote - Hospital 30-Day Readmission Rates from Pneumonia: Lists the footnote value when appropriate, as related to the Pneumonia Outcome of Care at the hospital. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa293
\cf0 \
}